# AUTOGENICS
AUTOGENICS: Automated Generation of Context-Aware Inline Comments for Code Snippets on Programming Q&amp;A Sites Using LLM

### There are a total of three folders. 

    -(1) Effectiveness Evaluation of LLMs-Generated Inline Comments (RQ1)
    -(2) Practitioners' Perspective on LLM-Generated Comment Effectiveness & Tool Preference (RQ2)
    -(3) AUTOGENICS- A Browser Plugin to Generate Context-Aware Noise-Free Inline Comments (RQ3)

### In the first folder named _**"Effectiveness Evaluation of LLMs-Generated Inline Comments (RQ1)"**_, there are two sub-folders as follows.

   -**(a) Evaluation of Inline Comment Generated by Gemini:** We evaluate the inline comments (without context) generated by Gemini for both Python and Java. The 
    quartile-wise evaluation results of this analysis for Python and Java are stored in the _Python_Quartile Analysis.csv_ and _Java_Quartile Analysis.csv_ 
    respectively.
   -**(b) Comparative Evaluation of Inline Comments Generated by GPT with Gemini:** We further evaluate the inline comments (without context) generated by GPT and 
    compare its performance with Gemini. The quartile-wise evaluation results of this analysis for Python and Java are stored in the _Python_Quartile Analysis.csv and 
    _Java_Quartile_Analysis.csv_ respectively.


### In the second folder named _**"Practitioners' Perspective on LLM-Generated Comment Effectivenss & Tool Preferecne (RQ2)"**_, there is one file named _"Survey Data.csv"_ which contains the findings from our survey.


### In the third folder "AUTOGENICS- A Browser Plugin to Generate Context-Aware Noise-Free Inline Comments (RQ3)", there are two sub-folders as follows.

  - **(a) AUTOGENICS Tool Integration:** This folder contains the source code for _AUTOGENICS_ tool. Installation instructions are described below.
      - Download this folder (_AUTOGENICS Tool Integration_) in your local drive.
      - Open the Chrome browser. Type in the search bar _chrome://extensions_.
      - Activate the _Developer mode_ option in the top right.
      - Press the _Load unpacked_ button to upload the _scripts_ folder (which exists within _AUTOGENICS Tool Integration_).
      - Activate the loaded extension (_AUTOGENICS 1.0_)
      - Open Microsoft VS Code IDE. Then, open the _AUTOGENICS Tool Integration_ folder in the VS Code workspace.
      - Open the VS Code terminal and install the requirements by typing _pip install -r requirements.txt_ in the terminal. That will install all the required 
        dependencies for running _AUTOGENICS_.
      - After installing all the requirements, open _app.py_ file (which exists within _AUTOGENICS Tool Integration_ folder).
      - Type _python app.py_ in the VS Code terminal. That will run the Flask server in the backend.
      - Don't close the VS code. Minimize the VS Code window and go into the Stack Overflow site. Choose a Python/Java question.
      - There, you will see a button named _AUTOGENICS_ for the corresponding answer code snippets of your chosen question.
      - After clicking the _AUTOGENICS_ button, you will see the generated context-aware and noise-free inline comments for that answer code snippet.
    
  - **(b) AUTOGENICS Tool Effectiveness Evaluation:** We evaluate the effectiveness of _AUTOGENICS_ tool and store the comparative evaluation results for Python and 
    Java in the  _Python_Quartile Analysis.csv and _Java_Quartile_Analysis.csv_ respectively.


